+mappingName
Day 1 Evening

Morning has passed. Now that we found the sitter, why don't we help the sheiff conduct some interviews?

Sheiff: "Ehh I'd do it myself but...ya know.."
    He gestures to everyone seeing in the living room.*

-Choice3{
"Isn't this your job?"
10
"Sure, I'll interview everyone."
0
"For a sheriff your not very helpful..."
5
+end}
+mappingName
helpsheriff?

+mappingName
eveningContinues
Sheiff: "I'll keep an eye on them while you interview them individually...Up to you if you can get anything out of them."

You begin interview...we'll start with Pool Boy.

    He tries to keep his gaze on you while his feet shift uncomfortably.*

Me: "You were supposed to clean the pool this morning, you finished but didn't fill up the pool after?"
Pool Boy: "Yes...I'm sorry. Please I'm very grateful for the summer job. It's not that I don't take it seriously-...."
Pool Boy: "There's a special on sandwiches at SubShake but they stop serving it after 11 am so I left early to make it in time."

His eyes fall to the ground guilty*

Me: "Sorry I'm not interogating you about your lunch or why you left...did you talk to Angie this morning?"
Pool Boy: "Oh...yeah I-I saw her come out to the b-backyard a couple of times and be-before I left I told Angie I'd come back to fill up the pool."
Me: "Did you see the Gardener?"
Pool Boy: "N-no, but Angie said he be coming in late. His truck broke down and he couldn't get all his equipment to mow the lawn like usual."
Pool Boy: "He said he'd be here around 1 pm, Angie was suppose to call you guys."
+InterviewClues{
“Pool boy left before 11 am on a lunch break."
“Angie was supposed to call us about the gardener”
“Alibi is Angie”
+end}

    As you finish up talking to Pool Boy the Gardener comes inside the house looking pale.*

Me: Were you here this morning?
Gardener: I was not. My truck broke down.

    A bead of sweat trails down his brow.*

Me: "The tarp that Angie was found on belongs to you and she was dragged on uncut grass."
Gardener: "Well I don't always take my equipment with me. The tarps are v-very heavy. I'm old I-I thought it'd be easier to leave one in the shed."
Me: "Did you talk to Angie this morning?"
Gardener: "Yes I spoke to her around 10:30 am."

    He shows you his call history fumbling a bit.*

Me: "Do you have an abili, who did you speak else did you speak to this morning?"
Gardener: "Oh! Yes, yes my newphew he let me borrow his truck and I was at the mechanic shop when I had to call about the situation."
Me: "Got it. I'll call the mechanic shop to make sure. You can go sit in the living room now...the Sheriff won't let you leave until he can arrest someone."

    The frowns and starts to whisper*

Gardener: "...is that even legal."
-Choice3{
"Be my guest. I wouldn't try."
5
"He's not very patient...he'll arrest you if you leave."
3
+end}
+mappingName
isItLegal?

+InterviewClues{
“Gardener arrives during the interviews in a different truck.”
“Called Angie from the Mechanic shop.”
“Alibi is his nephew”
+end}
    The Gardener seems to think about it for a moment before shaking his head and begrudingly taking a seat.

Dr.Lou: "Find anything useful?"
Me: Some I think...I'm still unsure. So far the last person to see Angie alive is Eliot, the Pool Boy. Why do we call him that?"

    Dr. Lou shrugs.*

Dr. Lou: It's like his brand name, the young man is just a boy. Plus cheap and he's never failed us before."
Me: "Fair enough...well there's not much to interview you about. We got here almost at the same time...I got here around 12:40 and you got here 10 minutes behind me with the Sheriff."
Dr. Lou: "Right. Well I need to get some of my tools. I think I have a scalpel and some other things I can use to finish inspecting her. We can't fully be sure about the blood till tomorrow. I'll let you know when I have an autopsy report done."

-Choice3{
"I really need you to hurry, I'm in hot water!"
5
"Okay, guess it's gonna be a long awkard day."
0
"Seriously? Does it take that long for you to do a little bit of bloodwork??"
10
+end}
Dr. Lou: "If you start complaining I'll let them take you. I'm just as stressed as you are."

    Dr. Lou rubs her temples and heads to her room for her tools.*

With not much to do you think about any of the other places you can inspect. Might be a good idea to take a look for more clues...
+goToLocation
+CheckBranch{
Continue to search for clues or continue?
+end}
+doneReading
1
Evening